Add securityContexts.disableDefaults flag for OpenShift SCC compatibility (#70238)
mistercrunch/Airflow: chart/newsfragments/70238.bugfix.rst

> Added ``securityContexts.disableDefaults`` to the Helm chart. When set, the chart no longer fills in default ``runAsUser``/``fsGroup`` (pod) or ``runAsUser`` (container) values, letting platforms such as OpenShift assign them automatically via SCC instead of the chart hard-coding them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added ``securityContexts.disableDefaults`` (default ``false``) to the Helm chart. When set, the chart no longer fills in the default ``runAsUser``/``fsGroup`` (pod) or ``runAsUser`` (container) values, allowing platforms such as OpenShift to assign them automatically via SCC instead of the chart hard-coding them.

Value ``false`` for ``securityContexts.disableDefaults`` is deprecated and will be ``true`` by default in the next major release. Please adjust your configuration accordingly.
```
and I would change the type from `bugfix` to `significant` and deprecate the value `false` for this parameter (with additional change in NOTES and values files with the `deprecated` information).

Author: Updated in d971b4fec7 — reworded per your suggestion, changed to `.significant.rst`, and added a note that the `false` default is deprecated and will flip to `true` in a future release.
